hello youtube this is your girl miss
Paris okay a Creole com follow me on
instruments which her and I keep doing
that insta and twitter instagram and
twitter at creo com anyways I'm here to
do a review on my aliexpress hair and i
am one unhappy girl i got my hair
installed last night um my friend hooked
me it you know what she hooked a gorilla
but let me tell you two part of the cons
about this here so the pros here we go
so the hand when i got his peruvian i
have a 22 a 20-18 16 inch um when i
first got the hair the 22 inch was a
different texture from the other three
bundles um i don't know why but the 22
inch was it was just it was a little off
compared to the other three bundles ever
really really soft I felt like large and
peruvian hair so what I did was I co
washed the 22 inch woke up the next
morning and I lost all the way the wave
pattern did not come back because I have
body wave hair so all the whole pattern
didn't come back at all let me tell you
right now this side I curled myself you
know because I was trying to give it
some volume this side is the natural
state I wanted you guys to see the
difference so um what I did last night
after I got my hair installed because
the bottom part is a 22 inch so what I
did was to 22 inches like I wanted it at
all not this part of the Sun I wanded it
up with my little wand curler thing and
I just figured calmed it through so what
kind of matched the other hair okay so
fast it came in four days and then the
guy who's the owner of the vendor he's
good communication
you know we talked back and forth
whatever but he didn't tell me the truth
about their the hair here we go cons the
hair is thin it's so thin mind you this
is this is about three and a half
bundles with three to four tracks on
each braid and I have the the Beehive
technique so that's a lot of hair you
would think it's a lot of hair because
actually I have a whole bunch hair left
because the bundles are so the bundles
of hair there so long like it's two
bundles honestly two levels of hair will
give you a full weave and if you want
some extra volume than two and a half
but two bundles give you a full weave
but in my case I got three and a half
and this is all I got I'm gonna turn
around for you guys this is all I got
that's it now let me say this it's
really thick up in here but the lower
you get the dinner the hair gets which
is bad because you want your ends to be
really thick and really fool you want it
to be full the whole way through but no
it's not like that so I won't be buying
in here from this vendor ever again
never ever again it sheds like crazy
like crazy so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to clog the other side up
wand it up and then I'm going well I'm
going to add a couple of more 22 inch
pieces in the back somewhere if I can
fit them because like i said i have
about three to four tracks on each braid
so I'm just going to do I'm just going
to try to try to glue in there somewhere
one or two more pieces so I can have
that whole little full long effect at
the bottom of put the curls because it
looks really nice to me um so other than
that
I guess I said I'm not gonna buy no more
hair from this place never again so
anyone watching this video knows they
need the vendors or reasonable prices
put it in the box below for me I will
check it out because i'm glad i live at
now the beauty supply stores here suck
they are terrible so i have to look
online and buy here now and i bought a
hair before online but it wasn't it
wasn't the it wasn't like grade AAA it
was good hair but it wasn't great but
I'm the way that I feel now I should
have bought that instead of this I
mean it's soft and all but it's really
thin and I just don't like it so that is
my review on this Aliexpress hair have
you guys have any questions for me don't
mind don't just ask me whatever i'm not
trippin so